about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, I'm Guilhem! 

I am a data scientist and consultant working in London. I design, build and deploy advanced analytics solutions that use machine learning to solve a variety of problems across multiple industries (with a particular focus on retail analytics).

Throughout my education, I have kept a keen interest in Life Sciences and Data Science. 
In fact, I have been working at the interface of both, while doing a PhD in Systems Biology in Cambridge (at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology).


Below is a very short resume. You will find more details on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilhemchalancon/). 

### Work Experience

* 2015 -- present: Monitor Deloitte, [Deloitte Consulting](https://www2.deloitte.com/uk/en.html), London United Kingdom

### Education

* 2011-2015: PhD in Systems Biology, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom
* 2007-2011: MSc, Ecole Normale Superieure, Cachan (now Paris-Saclay), France
* 2005-2007: [CPGE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classe_pr%C3%A9paratoire_aux_grandes_%C3%A9coles), Ecole Sainte-Genevieve, Versailles, France

### Contact me

[guilhem.chalancon@gmail.com](mailto:guilhem.chalancon@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added content from old site

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, I'm Guilhem! 

I am a data scientist and consultant working in London. I design, build and deploy advanced analytics solutions that use machine learning to solve a variety of problems across multiple industries (with a particular focus on retail analytics).

Throughout my education, I have kept a keen interest in Life Sciences and Data Science. 
In fact, I have been working at the interface of both, while doing a PhD in Systems Biology in Cambridge (at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology).


Below is a very short resume. You will find more details on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilhemchalancon/). 

### Work Experience

* 2015 -- present: Monitor Deloitte, [Deloitte Consulting](https://www2.deloitte.com/uk/en.html), London United Kingdom

### Education

* 2011-2015: PhD in Systems Biology, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom
* 2007-2011: MSc, Ecole Normale Superieure, Cachan (now Paris-Saclay), France
* 2005-2007: [CPGE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classe_pr%C3%A9paratoire_aux_grandes_%C3%A9coles), Ecole Sainte-Genevieve, Versailles, France


### Where I am from 

I grew up in a small village, the location of which seems to confuse most people I meet :-). So here it is, on the Mediterranean side of the French Pyrenees mountains:

![_config.yml]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/palalda.jpg)

Some say that this place is blessed for its weather, geography and gastronomy. Years of British weather, British food, and the sadly infamous British bathroom taps have convinced me that it's true. Fortunately, Britain is full of charms in <a class="surprise">other domains</a>.



### Contact me

[guilhem.chalancon@gmail.com](mailto:guilhem.chalancon@gmail.com)
