---
layout: post
title: Playing with D3
---

<script src="//code.jquery.com/jquery.js"></script>
<style>

.node {
  stroke: #fff;
  stroke-width: 1.5px;
}

.link {
  stroke: #999;
  stroke-opacity: .6;
}

</style>

I intend to post some thoughts on data visualisation, machine learning and other things... and I am hoping to make a good use of interactive data visualisation. 
That makes [d3.js](https://d3js.org/) (the data-driven documents javascript library) an obvious choice of tool! 

## A force-directed graph

The network below was built by Mike Bostock in [2012](https://bost.ocks.org/mike/miserables/), based on Victor Hugo's Les Misérables. It is one of the first --and classic-- examples of what d3.js [can do](https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki/Gallery). 
Nodes represent characters from the novel, and edges connect pairs of characters co-occurring in the same chapter(s). The edge's depth denotes the number of co-occurrences.

<div id='d3div'></div>

Please have a look at the [original post](https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4062045) to access the code and supporting data.
Why posting this? In truth, I was simply testing that I could get upload some d3 in a GitHub page.

<script src="//d3js.org/d3.v3.min.js"></script>
<script>

var width = $("#d3div").width(),
    height = 500;

var color = d3.scale.category20();

var force = d3.layout.force()
    .charge(-120)
    .linkDistance(30)
    .size([width, height]);

var svg = d3.select("#d3div").append("svg")
    .attr("width", width)
    .attr("height", height);

d3.json("../../../../scripts/miserables.json", function(error, graph) {
  if (error) throw error;

  force
      .nodes(graph.nodes)
      .links(graph.links)
      .start();

  var link = svg.selectAll(".link")
      .data(graph.links)
    .enter().append("line")
      .attr("class", "link")
      .style("stroke-width", function(d) { return Math.sqrt(d.value); });

  var node = svg.selectAll(".node")
      .data(graph.nodes)
    .enter().append("circle")
      .attr("class", "node")
      .attr("r", 5)
      .style("fill", function(d) { return color(d.group); })
      .call(force.drag);

  node.append("title")
      .text(function(d) { return d.name; });

  force.on("tick", function() {
    link.attr("x1", function(d) { return d.source.x; })
        .attr("y1", function(d) { return d.source.y; })
        .attr("x2", function(d) { return d.target.x; })
        .attr("y2", function(d) { return d.target.y; });

    node.attr("cx", function(d) { return d.x; })
        .attr("cy", function(d) { return d.y; });
  });
});

</script>

Best,
G
